July 24 2020

Dear Delaram,
I don't know if you are gonna read this, if you ever gonna read this, but this for me to get some closure, a little closure. I like the idea that you might see it and that make me happy. I have heard that writing something to you without actaully sending it helps. Now it is raining out of the window. Hopefully the computer won't get wet.

I have just finished my last exam today for my master and i felt happy. It has been less then one month since we had that call, you know it. Have a talked to so many people, to so mant friends and to family in order to make sense on what is happening right now in my head. let me say that one of the first thing that i wanted to do when i finished was to call you, because i liked it. I liked when you smile and the fact that you were always there for me. ALmost any moment of the idea. I thought that i knew what love was before meeting you, but it was wrong. You are a very lovely but especially loving women. Even when  we were away you tried your best to make me feel good:

On San valentine, I was deep into preparing my exams and other papers, and on the call you prepared pasta and dressed up like as if you were going on a data. You looked wonderful. You put candels and the dimming light in the atmosphere made me feel bad for not trying the same. You loved me with all you heart. You said that you woild help me also financially if i really needed it, but as someone with a morality, i appreciated the gesture, but i would never dare cross that line. You helped me with all my python projects whioe you were there. You got the cider for the first day i came to see you. THat was a little detail that i loved so much. You always wanted to hear my voice, my thoughts and my progress in almsot anything.

Had to go inside since it is raining heavily.

Now at this point in my life i think that you are the most amazing women i have ever met in my life and i will continue to see you as a model. You told me your story, and to me it seemed like a war. A war where it was you against everybody. That was one of the quality that make the person you are today and you will drag those events you told me about for the rest of your life. i truly wish that i could meet you again one day. 

This is the point that i explain my decision, for leaving such an amazing person like you: 
Are a successful lass from a foregin country who has finished her PhD and has found a really good job. i will stop there ok ? You asked me once " do you know what i want ? " I replied " Yes, i know what you want " . Should i have asked you clearly before dropping the bomb, but i am pretty sure that i got it right. you finished your university carrrier, and now you were starting your professional career but you are also looking for someone to spend the rest of your days with. You were clearly sure that i was the one, and i have to say, along the road, you are the kind of girl that i would like to commit. I honeslty mean it. But why i did this.... Because i am at a different age, much younger, still trying to see and explore life. You could say still trying to see my place in the universe. and this goes for both career wise and emotional wise, as well as, you know, sexual wise. I am sorry to say this, but i still have to mature from that side. One day i will and wait to arrive at the end. I wasn't convinced from my family or my friends. This was a feeling in my gut, that told me not to stop, even though you are amazing in every way. I couldn'0t figure it out "Ok, dude, you have her, the perfect thing in every way. Look at her! Remember her! Why would you do such a thing ? jsut why ?!?!! you know that you are going to hate yourself. You are going to suffer and regert that decision. 

But if i stayed, this resentment would grow and grow and grow and grow and in the end i would have the idea " What if " " what if " " what if " and you know that i hate that idea. That is why i came to California and thank god i came there. You opened my eyes and you are gonna me logged inside my brain for the rest of my life. You know now what is my biggest fear? That i won't find someone like you, because you are that rare! Your story is soo unique that it is impossible to replicate in any way. You havee been through fire and storms, but you are still that gem in the Californian desert that i found that night. That fear is killing me each day, and i want to call you and hear you. I want to tell you everything that is happening in my life, because you were the only onw in the world who would understand me and would listen to mw no matter what. You were the third voice in my head! 

But since my gut is telling me this, i know that i am stealing from you more than giving. I am not giving you the same energy that you are giving me. and thiis is not right, not right for you. You can't do anything to help me or convince me. it is not up to you, it is up to me. What i would desire ?: what you gave me until know without the long time commitment. I know it is impossibile and espcially incredibly selfish. I don't want to be that guy and also i don't want to lie to you and especially to me. That is the worst thing could do to myself. So, after so much thinking, the best idea / realization that i can come up with is the following: i am going to be out of your life for some time. IN the future i hope that we can be friends ( though you told me it can't be done, probably no), and when i have matured enough and i feel ready i would like to see you again and give you another shot ( writing this inthe 24/07/20, still duting the post breakup), and i know already what to do to show you my intentions. The risk is : you are gonna be with someone. a risk that i have to take for your good. And if you have someone, i would say to him " DON'T LET GO , EVER ! " and i will be happy for you. After our experience, you know 100 % now what kind of guy you want! I am sure of it!  If you don't have someone i will try, my future self if i still feel like to today ( 24/07/20 ), to get you back. I will accept my mistakes. 

My belief is that you were the right person, at the wrong time. You disagree! you told me that if i loved you, i would stick by your side no matter what. But i can't make that comprmoise because the person i should love the most is myself. I have to follow my gut, if not i would be unhappy and you don't want to see my happy now, or in the future! Honestly what you want to say to me is this " It seems you need to go away and figure out what you want be on your won for a while and i want your happiness more than anything in the world , i just want you to be happy, so i feel like you need be on your own to figure out what you want. i hope that i am here or still here when you are ready, but unitl then i know i need someone who is completly in because i don't want to be with someone who is not 100 % sure to be with me. i want to have someone who really knows what he wants. " i am sure after reading this you understand it, since you are coming from a loving and caring place and not manipulative place. You don't want see me unhappy. 

So i won't run after you, but i wish my life leads me back to you. and if it does, I won't let you go ! 

i might editing things, but this is my soul. i gave you mine, you gave me yours. Doesn't happen so often.

P.S: : the long distance was really hard for me for that reason. in the future i will change my mind, as many people told me. 